1. Briefly describe the differences between the webbrowser, requests, bs4, and selenium modules.
webbrowser: This is a built-in Python module for dealing with web-related tasks. 
It's not used to fetch web content, but rather to easily open web pages in a new browser window or tab. It's a simple way to let Python script interact with the web browser.

requests: This is a third-party Python module used for making HTTP requests. 
It abstracts the complexities of making requests behind a beautiful, simple API, allowing you to send HTTP/1.1 requests. 
With it, you can add content like headers, form data, multipart files, and parameters to HTTP requests via simple Python libraries to HTTP requests.

bs4 (BeautifulSoup4): This is a third-party Python library for parsing HTML and XML documents. 
It's often used for web scraping. It creates a parse tree from page source code that can be used to extract data in a hierarchical and more readable manner.

selenium: This is a powerful tool for controlling a web browser through the program. 
It's most often used for automating web applications for testing purposes, but is certainly not limited to just that. 
It can perform tasks such as clicking buttons, filling out forms, or anything else a human can do on a webpage. It's a bit overkill for simple web scraping tasks, but for complex tasks, it's incredibly useful.

2. What type of object is returned by requests.get()? How can you access the downloaded content as a string value?
The requests.get() function returns a Response object.
You can access the downloaded content as a string value by calling the .text attribute of the Response object.

3. What requests method checks that the download worked?
The .raise_for_status() method checks that the download worked.

4. How can you get the HTTP status code of a requests response?
You can get the HTTP status code of a requests response by calling the .status_code attribute of the Response object.

5. How do you save a requests response to a file?
You can save a requests response to a file by opening a file in write-binary mode and writing the content of the response attribute to the file.

6. What is the keyboard shortcut for opening a browser’s developer tools?
The keyboard shortcut for opening a browser's developer tools is F12 or Ctrl+Shift+I.

7. How can you view (in the developer tools) the HTML of a specific element on a web page?
You can view the HTML of a specific element on a web page by right-clicking the element and selecting "Inspect" from the context menu.

8. What is the CSS selector string that would find the element with an id attribute of main?
The CSS selector string that would find the element with an id attribute of main is '#main'.

9. What is the CSS selector string that would find the elements with a CSS class of highlight?
The CSS selector string that would find the elements with a CSS class of highlight is '.highlight'.

10. What is the CSS selector string that would find all the <div> elements inside another <div> element?
The CSS selector string that would find all the <div> elements inside another <div> element is 'div div'.

11. What is the CSS selector string that would find the <button> element with a value attribute set to favorite?
The CSS selector string that would find the <button> element with a value attribute set to favorite is 'button[value="favorite"]'.

12. Say you have a Beautiful Soup Tag object stored in the variable spam for the element <div>Hello, world!</div>. How could you get a string 'Hello, world!' from the Tag object?
You could get a string 'Hello, world!' from the Tag object by calling the .getText() method of the Tag object.

13. How would you store all the attributes of a Beautiful Soup Tag object in a variable named linkElem?
You would store all the attributes of a Beautiful Soup Tag object in a variable named linkElem by calling the .attrs attribute of the Tag object.

14. Running import selenium doesn't work. How do you properly import the selenium module?
You can properly import the selenium module by running from selenium import webdriver.

15. What's the difference between the find_element_* and find_elements_* methods in Selenium?
The find_element_* methods return the first matching element as a WebElement object, while the find_elements_* methods return a list of all matching elements as WebElement objects.

16. What methods do Selenium's WebElement objects have for simulating mouse clicks and keyboard keys?
Selenium's WebElement objects have the click() method for simulating mouse clicks and the send_keys() method for simulating keyboard keys.

17. You could call send_keys(Keys.ENTER) on an element by importing it from which Selenium package?
You could call send_keys(Keys.ENTER) on an element by importing it from the selenium.webdriver.common.keys package.

18. How can you simulate clicking a browser's Forward, Back, and Refresh buttons with Selenium?
You can simulate clicking a browser's Forward, Back, and Refresh buttons with Selenium by calling the forward(), back(), and refresh() methods of the WebDriver object, respectively.
